docs: simplify README (#656)
grafana/xk6-browser: README.md

<img src="assets/github-hr.svg" height="32" alt="---" />
<br/>

> **xk6-browser** is a [k6](https://k6.io/) extension adding support for automation of browsers via the [Chrome Devtools Protocol](https://chromedevtools.github.io/devtools-protocol/) (CDP). It adds browser-level APIs to interact with browsers and collect frontend performance metrics as part of your k6 tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**xk6-browser** is a [k6](https://k6.io/) extension that supports browser automation through the [Chrome Devtools Protocol](https://chromedevtools.github.io/devtools-protocol/) (CDP). It adds browser-level APIs to interact with browsers and collect frontend performance metrics as part of your k6 tests.
```

See our [project roadmap](ROADMAP.md) for more details.

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get started
```

- [Getting Started](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/)
- [Installing xk6-browser](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/get-started/installation/)
- [Running xk6-browser](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/get-started/running-xk6-browser/)
- [Browser Metrics](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/get-started/browser-metrics/)
- [Selecting Elements](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/get-started/selecting-elements/)

## Documentation

- [Releases](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/releases)
- [API Documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/api/) - This documents how to use our API and its current state with xk6-browser.

> - [Examples](/examples) - The examples from our API documentation are also available as standalone files. You can run them in a Docker container using Docker Compose with:

Reviewer 2: Think we should either move the docker stuff to the docs in docs.k6.io, or create a new subheading somewhere in the readme.

Author: Will move it to the docs 👍 Also, see this [comment](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/656#discussion_r1026544499) .

Author: Created https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/907

> ```bash

Author: That's fair. I think as Ankur suggested, we can move this to the docs.

docker-compose run -T xk6-browser run - <examples/browser_on.js
```

> ## Getting Help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get help
```

> - Go to our [FAQ](/FAQ.md) to answer your most asked questions about xk6-browser.

Reviewer: See my comment about ROADMAP. I don't think these are really FAQ questions as much status updates.

> - If you're having issues installing or running xk6-browser, please see the [troubleshooting document](/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're having issues installing or running xk6-browser, refer to [TROUBLESHOOTING](/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).
```

> - To get help about usage, report bugs, suggest features and discuss xk6-browser with other users see [SUPPORT.md](SUPPORT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To get help about usage, report bugs, suggest features, and discuss xk6-browser with other users see [SUPPORT.md](SUPPORT.md).
```

Reviewer: Do you think it's worth linking the community forum directly? Some readers may never click SUPPORT.md.

If so. you could just add a sentence:

```
Community discussion happens at the [xk6-browser forum](https://community.k6.io/c/xk6-browser/14).
```

## Additional Resources

To find out more about xk6-browser or browser testing in general, check out the following links. 

> **Note:** since our API is still transitioning, some of the code snippets from the links below may not be as accurate, though the concept should remain similar. Please refer to our up-to-date [API documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/api/) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** since our API is still transitioning, some of the code snippets from the links below might be inaccurate, though the concepts should still be correct. For the latest, refer to our up-to-date [API documentation](https://k6.io/docs/javascript-api/xk6-browser/api/).
```

> - [Introducing browser automation and end-to-end web testing with k6](https://k6.io/blog/announcing-xk6-browser-testing/) - A blog post from our CEO, Robin Gustafsson, where he introduced xk6-browser.

Reviewer 3: @mdcruz I haven't reviewed the content of all the links but I imagine most of them describe the same content: what is xk6-browser + getting started. 

I suggest referencing fewer options.

Author: I have removed a few of the duplicate ones.

- [Real Browser Testing with xk6-browser](https://youtu.be/y04wavsZxSs) - A video tutorial from our Developer Advocate, Nicole van der Hoeven, where she demonstrated how to get started with xk6-browser.
- [Browser testing and API load testing in the same script with k6](https://youtu.be/Y4qDAaJgxV0) - Office Hours episode where we first introduced xk6-browser.

> - [What is Browser Testing](https://youtu.be/ieQwRy9UVo4) - An introductory chat with our DevRel team about what browser testing is and why do we need to test with browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [What is Browser Testing](https://youtu.be/ieQwRy9UVo4) - An introductory chat with our DevRel team about what browser testing is and why we need to test with browsers.
```
